hello this is Nick with nick's computer
fix calm and clothes cheap laptops calm
today I want to give you a windows 8 tip
on how to shut down your and restart
your PC and within windows 8 the way it
works here normally in Windows 8 would
be that you would go over to your side
toolbar and click on settings and you
would see the power button or power icon
and click on that and you would either
click on shutdown or restart depending
on which function you want to go ahead
and do there's another way to access
this very quickly let's get out of this
and we're back at our Metro interface
you can hold down the windows key on
your keyboard and also press your I key
and that will also bring up the settings
screen and provide you with access to
the power icon button and click on there
and also perform the shutdown or restart
function that you want to do now there's
a way to put a shortcut on the Metro
interface for shutdown and restart let
me show you how you would go about doing
that first of all go to your desktop and
what you want to do is right click on
your desktop and say create a new
shortcut once that's open up you want to
go ahead and type in shutdown Exe space
our space dash t space c 00 this would
be the parameters for creating in a a
desktop shortcut for restart and we'll
click on next and we'll go ahead and
type in the word restart here and we'll
click on finish okay and now let's go
ahead and give that a nice looking icon
click on properties and let's go ahead
and change icon click on OK on this
screen and let's find a nice icon that
represents some restart I think this one
is is represents it well let's click OK
apply and click
okay now i have a restart shortcut on my
desktop unless I'm while we're here
let's go ahead and great one for a
shutdown you go ahead and right click on
the desktop again create new create a
shortcut and go ahead and type in these
parameters and instead of the dash R
we're going to put an s in there so
we'll have it s about that and s a dash
S space dash T spaces 00 and we'll go
ahead and click Next and in this case
this will be shut down so i'm going to
list leave the name for the short cut
cut as shut down click on finish and
let's give that a good nice icon that
represents shut down here i like to give
it a nice icon and let's go ahead and
choose this one already and apply and
click ok now i have to shortcut icons
one for restarting my seat PC Windows 8
PC and for shutting down Windows 8 PC
from the desktop but let's say I don't
want to really go to the desktop and do
this I can go back over to my metro
interface and place those two shortcuts
or as two ridges or apps right on my
metro interface and the way I would go
about doing that would be to go over to
my desktop and on each one of these
icons click on the right and say pin to
start and click on the right and say pin
to start now if I go back over to my
metro interface on the right hand side I
will see two new apps one called set
down and one call to restart and now I
have two convenient way now i have
several convenient ways of restarting
and shutting down windows 8 and I hope
there's windows 8 helped you out this is
nick with nick's computer fix